[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Dr. Lorraine Day was chief
of orthopedics at San Francisco
General Hospital, one of
the most prestigious trauma
hospitals in America.
In addition, she was on the
faculty of UC San Francisco
Medical School as a
professor and vice
chairman of the department
of orthopedic surgery for 15
years.
But when she developed
severe cancer,
she knew the orthodox therapies
of chemotherapy, radiation,
and mutilating surgery do not
cure cancer and frequently kill
the patient who takes them.
Instead, she chose to get well
by rebuilding her immune system
with totally natural therapies.
Through her search
for medical truth,
she learned that vaccinations,
all vaccinations,
not only don't
work, but they also
have terribly damaging, even
life threatening, side effects.
Things have ratcheted
up a bit since we talked
to you a couple of years ago.
>> That's right.
>> Everybody knows that.
And You and I have been
talking off camera.
And I think it's
really important
to start with the
Iron Mountain Report
because we're looking at ways
in which the human population is
being absolutely decimated
in terms of our health
from every front and angle.
Forget what's happening even
economically and otherwise
in the fear that's
being created.
Our health is dying.
We're, as a species, living
in fear and running ragged.
So you say that a lot
of this dates back
to this report, the Iron
Mountain Report in the 1970s.
>> That's right.
This is the book, Report
from Iron Mountain
on the Possibility and
Desirability of Peace.
You hear a lot about peace
now and the disarmament
and how they want to make sure
that countries are disarmed.
And they want to disarm
the citizens because we're
going to have peace.
Well, for thousands
of years, rulers
have kept their
subjects under control
by putting fear
into their heart.
And it's been done in
America from the beginning.
There's always
going to be a war,
or there's some kind of virus
coming from someplace else.
And so therefore,
everybody is afraid.
And they will do what
the government wants them
to do or give up their rights.
Well, the Illuminati
and the people
who are ruling
this planet decided
that they had to get together.
And when they are able
to successfully disarm
all nations, then they're
going to have peace.
Well, how do you keep the
subjects under control?
How do you keep the
people down on the farm
when you don't have this threat?
>> Yeah, when peace breaks out.
>> Right, when peace breaks out,
when you don't have an invading
army.
So they got together.
And one of the
qualifications-- and I
will say that I think this
is available on the internet.
You can get this
on the internet.
>> Report from Iron Mountain.
And so they came together.
And one critical factor
that each one had to have
was that they had to
have no conscience.
That's a frightening thing.
>> And that says
that in that book?
>> Yes.
>> That's part of the criteria.
>> You have no conscience.
In other words, you cannot
consider the suffering
of people.
You cannot consider
maiming and killing people.
That cannot bother you in
order to be a member of this
committee and make the
decisions that have to be made.
Well, Bertrand Russell said that
a long time ago in his book,
where he said that a
virus should go around
the world at least once every 10
years to kill enough people so
that people could procreate.
And he said we should have
them die a horrible death.
And he said, that shouldn't
bother anybody, especially
those of us who are not going
to be affected by this, you see.
>> So they had to have
a backup plan, then,
because the disarmament,
it appears on many levels
as beginning to happen.
>> That's correct.
>> They're attempting it.
>> So they had to say, what are
we going to have to frighten
the people?
What is going to be the
common enemy that we can
keep putting before the people?
And they came up with
environmentalism,
that the people are
destroying the planet.
And so we have to decrease
the population in order
to save the planet.
Now, Al Gore is all
involved in this.
And Al Gore is part
of the Illuminati.
His father was a
business partner
of Arm & Hammer,
who was a communist
and the liaison between
the US and Russia
but was really an infiltrator
and was part of the bad guys.
So they decided that they have
to start scaring the people.
And you're seeing
now ads on television
about globalism, how we
have to protect the planet.
And I'm not against
protecting the planet.
But they want people to
start committing suicide.
They started talking
about a carbon tax.
Well, the carbon
tax for emissions,
supposedly, but you have to
realize that when you breathe,
you breathe in oxygen. And
guess what you breathe out?
Carbon dioxide.
Well, that's the way God created
the Earth because the plants
then use the carbon dioxide.
And they put oxygen back
into the atmosphere.
But these people
who want us dead
don't want to consider that.
They want to tell you that
you can breathe for so long,
and then when you've used up
all the time that you have,
and you're putting
out too much carbon,
that you should somehow
self-destruct or commit
suicide or something like that.
>> Or you can be helped along.
>> Can be helped along.
But they are training
children in the school
to think this way.
That's one reason that the
suicide rate is going up so
rapidly in teenagers.
They are being trained.
They are being asked
to write essays on how
they would kill themselves.
They are asked to write
essays on how they're
destroying the environment.
And so this is being
schooled into these children.
>> Actually, I've seen this.
I've been made aware through
circles of girlfriends
who have children that
the popular trend is
cutting and attempting suicide.
>> Right.
>> It's popular to do this.
>> That's right.
That's right.
>> I actually wasn't
aware of that.
And it put it in my face
because their daughters
have been in and out
of the emergency room.
>> Right.
>> So somehow it's being made
to be tragically depressed
and so forth is being made chic.
>> Right.
That's right.
And killing yourself
is being made
chic because you're
doing the planet a favor
by killing yourself.
That's what they're
breeding into your mind
with these young people.
And so anyway, they
decided on environmentalism
as being the great
bogeyman to scare people.
And so therefore,
we've got to have
a decrease in the amount of--
>> To justify--
>> --food that people
are going to have to eat.
And it's not bad when
whole populations
are being wiped out because
that's saving the Earth.
And the animals are just
as important as humans.
And they have just as
much right to live here.
And they're not fouling
the Earth as humans are.
Well, the people who are
really following the Earth
are these same Illuminati people
who have all these production
companies that are belching
smoke and fumes and everything
else into the air.
They're the ones
that you will notice,
they never want to
start with depopulation
by killing themselves.
No.
I have always suggested,
well, if Al Gore thinks
that there are too many
people on the Earth,
then maybe Al Gore
should be first to go.
But never Kissinger and Al Gore
and Bill Clinton and Hillary--
they never consider
themselves as first
to go because they consider
themselves special.
And the rest of us they
call useless eaters
or the disgusting public.
>> Now, this came--
we were talking about this.
And I've heard this before.
I think George Green
mentioned it in an interview
but didn't source it.
But you actually have the
source of that information.
>> Oh, yes.
For the useless
eaters, that was given
by Bertrand Russell in his
book, which I have, which is--
I have the name of it on
the tip of my tongue--
which has, by the way, been
taken out of all libraries now.
>> OK.
>> Because I had a
hard time finding it.
And I would not
quote it until I was
able to find a copy of the book.
But it's being taken out
of all the major libraries.
And then the book about
the disgusting public--
they call us the
disgusting public--
is in this book, Top Secret:
Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars,
which is a CIA training manual.
And you can find this
on the website as well.
>> World War III declared.
Top Secret: Silent
Weapons for Quiet Wars.
>> Right.
And it shows how the
population is being programmed.
And it shows the
formulas they are using.
And they have found
that it's just as easy
to program a public
around the world
as it is to program a computer
or to program a machine
or to program a production line.
They can program it
with the same things.
And one reason they
do so many surveys
to try to find out what
people are thinking is it's
all part of the programming.
They do something.
And then they do a survey to see
how people are reacting to it.
Some of the things that they do,
some of the outrageous things
they do, are just
part of this plan
to try to see how they can
program the public, you see.
So this is an amazing
book where they
show how they have programmed
parents to actually
happily send their children that
they love very much off to war
to be killed.
>> I've never understood
that one, either.
>> Right.
>> I don't get it.
>> And they show here-- they
actually ridicule the parents
who do it, behind
their backs, of course.
But how they have
programmed the public
to actually accept this--
and the father, of course,
is proud of his son
going off to war.
It's a manly thing
to do-- when he's
sending him off to his death.
And so that people
don't understand
how much they're programmed.
People are programmed
because all of this
is coming in-- it's
coming in from everywhere.
It's coming in
from the churches.
It's coming in from the schools.
It's coming in from television
of which people sit in front
of for hours every day.
>> I'll tell you where
it's also coming--
the movie theaters.
The propaganda for
violence and war--
you're a rock star
if you go to war now.
>> That's right.
And that's why I
never go to movies.
I don't go to movies
because I can tell you
there is so much
programming in the movies.
There is so much
programming in television.
There's programming in the news.
And so they are constantly
programming the public.
And they are also
assaulting the public
with all of this terrible
stuff that's going on
until people get desensitized.
And they don't even
think about how
it is, what we're doing
in Iraq and Afghanistan
and Sudan and all
these other places,
where we're just
slaughtering these people who
never did anything to us.
So they're trying to
decrease the population.
And they're doing it
in many, many ways.
And one way is
birth control, which
is, of course, an acceptable
way to many, many people.
But that decreases the
population immensely.
Another one is abortion.
Another one is infanticide.
When a child is
aborted and survives,
they don't try to
make that child live.
They put that child
aside, even in the best
of hospitals in America.
They put that child--
and let it die.
That's infanticide.
They're going to
even start suggesting
that four months
after a child is born,
if it is found to
have a defect, they're
trying to get laws passed that
you can just kill the child
or let it die in America.
Just outright infanticide.
Partial birth abortion
is really infanticide
because it's abortion
done at maturity.
>> Yeah.
Too late a stage.
>> And so they're
doing that, really,
to provide themselves
with a whole business,
which is organ donations from
babies and baby parts to use
for various other research or
supposedly treatment of certain
diseases.
And so they need a
ready supply of that.
So what they do is, the
child is actually born alive,
everything except the head.
And then they stick an
instrument in the brain
and kill the child.
And so then they
bring the child out.
It's fresh.
It's just newly dead.
And they take the
parts right away.
This is done for nothing
but absolute greed
because they get huge amounts
of money for these baby parts.
Even though they're not supposed
to charge for them, they do.
>> OK.
Can we go from right in there
because it blends with it,
the human papillomavirus?
>> Oh, yes.
The human papillomavirus--
well, vaccines in general--
maybe we can get
to those right now.
Vaccines in general
are meant to kill.
They are not safe.
They are not effective.
They do not work.
They don't work at all.
And they have all sorts
of terrible things
in them-- mercury and
various other things.
Plus, some of them are grown
in chicken cells, human cancer
cell lines.
So when they're grown in these
cells and other kinds of animal
cells, you get all the
contamination of that animal,
plus all the diseases
that that animal can have.
And all of these
in the laboratory
are fed with fetal calf serum.
I know because I--
>> You've been in the business.
>> --have done a
lot of research.
And I have used--
they bring in fetal calf
serum by the hundreds
of thousands of bottles
into UC San Francisco
and every other medical
school because everybody
uses that to feed the cells.
The cells have to stay alive.
Well, this is from the serum
from unborn baby calves.
But we have mad cow disease.
They say, oh, well, that doesn't
show up until the cow is older.
But that doesn't mean
when it shows up.
These babies can have the
contamination of the prions.
And so we're putting
that in everything.
And then that is injected
into you or your child.
>> Now, would you say that some
of this is malevolent in nature
in terms of the types of
things that are put in there?
Or is it all done out of
ignorance, shall we say,
used as preservatives
and the like?
>> Well, I don't think it
was put together malevolently
originally.
And the doctors are not
necessarily evil people
because they give vaccinations.
The doctors don't know.
I didn't know.
But the doctors don't
want to know, either.
And the doctors
are just the dupes
of the pharmaceutical
industry who
want to make a lot of money
off of these vaccines,
as well as depopulate the Earth.
The doctors aren't in on the
idea of depopulating the Earth.
They are the stupid
dupes who willingly
do the dirty work
for the Illuminati
who are all involved at the
top with the pharmaceutical
companies.
Because you see, the
pharmaceutical companies
make more off of vaccines
than off of regular drugs.
It is the biggest
moneymaker of all time.
And now a child, before
they go to school,
has to have about 40
vaccines given to them.
Another very interesting aspect
of vaccinations is that--
we all know--
everybody knows that's
in the medical industry,
knows that vaccines
are contaminated.
First of all, you put
the actual virus in it.
Well, if you inject the
virus into somebody's body,
they can get the disease.
That's the whole point.
>> Right.
>> And so when
these contaminants--
if you take a contaminant
that's called non-pathogenic,
which means it doesn't normally
cause disease in a human
being--
if you inject that, or let's
say you do experimental animals,
and you inject a non-pathogenic
organism that does not
cause disease in this
particular type of animal,
and they will not get a disease.
If you take another
group of animals,
and you inject a non-pathogenic
different one in those
animals--
these are ones that
could be in vaccines--
they will not get
disease, either.
But if you combine those
two, and inject them
into a third group,
they all get disease.
So when you are combining
these contaminants that are
in the vaccines-- plus, you're
putting many vaccines together,
like in a measles,
mumps, and rubella MMR--
you are raising havoc.
And it's killing children.
SIDS is primarily
caused by vaccinations.
It can also be
caused by the mother
having smoked while
she was pregnant.
And autism is almost
totally caused--
>> Right.
I was just going
to ask you that.
>> --because of the mercury,
which is a heavy metal,
which causes brain
damage to the child.
And these vaccines are
given before the baby even
leaves the hospital.
And they have no immune system.
They're giving hepatitis
B vaccines to a baby
before they leave the hospital.
The incidence of hepatitis
B in the general population
of adults is less
than 5%, except in
the homosexual community,
where it's about 85% to 90%.
But it's only less than
5% in the adult community.
In babies, hepatitis
B is essentially zero.
There's no reason to give
these babies these vaccines.
Even if they worked,
there's no reason.
It's called killing.
With the Gardasil, human
papilloma virus-- first of all,
there is something more than
just the human papilloma virus
that causes cervical cancer.
The more sexual
partners a woman has,
the more risk she is at
getting cervical cancer.
It doesn't matter
whether she's ever
been exposed to HPV,
which she probably will.
But it only supposedly
even protects
for about three
strains of HPV, when
there are something like 16.
And so instead of saying-- first
of all, there are many other
sexually transmitted diseases
that a sexually active person
can get besides human
papilloma virus.
So even if HPV vaccine
did work, they're
encouraging everybody
to have sex.
And so then they're
getting contaminated
with all these other
things as well, which can
cause all sorts of problems.
And so when they encourage
HPV, what they're really doing
is they're causing infertility.
And that is their approach.
That is their goal
because infertility--
>> What is it in that vaccine
that causes the infertility
as opposed to another vaccine?
>> First of all, I think
almost all the vaccines cause
infertility.
So I can't tell you what is
specifically in that vaccine.
But we do know that these
vaccines cause infertility.
We do know that.
But there are a
lot of other things
that cause infertility, too.
Fluoride in the water--
>> Yes.
Let's talk about fluoride.
A lot of devastating effects.
>> A lot of devastating effects.
First of all, fluoride in the
water causes brain damage,
contributes to Alzheimer's.
Fluoride causes brittle bones.
So people get
fractures more easily.
And in the elderly, they
get a fracture, a hip.
They frequently get pneumonia.
And it's a big cause of
death in the elderly.
Fluoride causes premature aging.
It causes the skin to
become brittle and wrinkle.
It causes the same thing
to happen to your organs.
And fluoride causes suppression
of the frontal lobes, where you
make your judgment decisions.
Fluoride is a main component
of some of the anesthetics
we use in the operating room.
>> And you told me off-camera
that there was actually a slang
term in the operating room.
>> That's right.
One of these fluoride components
that's in an anesthetic
causes people to be really sick.
And we would always
call it fluoro-barf.
But fluoride is in
a lot of things.
And when young people
drink all these sodas,
that's made with
fluoridated water.
The fluoride is in these sodas.
They're drinking fluoride
over and over again.
And sometimes they drink
64 ounces of these things
or more a day.
The fluoride is in the
water that they put
in processed foods, in soups.
And it's chlorine, too.
And chlorine is a poisonous
gas that's in the water.
They don't have to chlorinate
the water to purify it.
They could ozonate it.
>> Yes.
>> And then it would cause
no problems whatsoever.
In fact, Los Angeles
does ozonate their water.
That's the way they purify it.
But then when it goes out in
the pipes, it gets contaminated.
So at the end source,
they chlorinate it again.
>> Why don't they
ozonate it again?
>> Well, that's right.
That's right.
So just fluoride in the water--
fluoride does not
decrease cavities.
It doesn't.
It's been shown not
to decrease cavities.
Fluoride is a byproduct
of aluminum production.
It was put in the water to
get rid of this byproduct
that they would have to pay
to get rid of otherwise.
So they put it in the water.
And they propagandized
the people
to think that it's good for
you and that it will help you.
But it doesn't help you.
And when fluoride was
first put in the water,
every dental association
in America was against it.
But they infiltrated
the dental associations.
And now the dentists all
think it's a good thing.
They have been brainwashed
to believe that this is OK.
If you look at your
toothpaste tube--
if you look at that--
there's a warning on it, a
death warning on the tube.
Nobody ever looks at it.
It's a death warning that
says, if a child swallows
the amount of toothpaste
that is on the brush
that they brush their
teeth with, they can die.
Children have died from that.
Children have died
in the dental chair
having fluoride
put on their teeth.
But this is never made
public because they
want people to drink
fluoride in their water,
have it in their toothpaste
because guess what it does?
It dumbs down the
population so they're not
able to think as well.
They don't care as much
what happens to them.
Their rights are all
being taken away.
And they're all
in a zombie state.
Give them all their sports.
Give them their beer.
The beer is made with
fluoridated water.
So people are taking in
huge amounts of fluoride.
And now they're even increasing
the amount of fluoride
that they say is acceptable.
The original one part per
million was not acceptable.
Now it's up to, I don't know,
five or something else parts
per million, which is deadly.
Something that easy-- it is
mass medication of the public.
And it's done to
dumb down the public,
as if the public schools
weren't bad enough.
So that's another
way that they're
causing population control.
They have planned famines.
You've heard about the
growing areas in America
are being wiped out,
first with floods and then
with heat waves.
And how are they doing that?
They're doing it
with weather control.
>> You're talking HAARP and some
of these other technologies.
>> HAARP, yeah.
All the technologies
with the scalar waves.
And so they can wipe--
they can take these
wonderfully rich growing areas
and turn them into deserts.
And then they buy them up.
Virtually all the
food-growing areas in America
owned by three companies.
One is the Conagra.
The other is Archer
Daniels Midland.
And there's a third one.
And these are all owned
by Illuminati people.
So they're planning famines.
And one reason-- when you
go to the grocery store
and they say, well,
what's your card number?
Can we swipe in your card so
you get a good deal on these?
They're tracking
everything you're
eating so they know what to
withhold from you to sign you
up for the new world order.
So I don't use a
grocery store card.
I figure, God will
take care of me.
I don't want that extra deal.
Why are they giving you
such a deal with money?
To suck you in.
>> When they're literally
robbing you of your health
and your mental faculties.
>> That's right.
And so then we've got
also weather modification.
Katrina was clearly
part of weather control.
>> That was HAARP all the way.
>> That's right.
And they could
have kept that out.
They had the technology to have
kept Katrina right offshore.
>> They can make them.
And they can deflate them.
>> That's right.
And so that's all part of it.
And they can do that with--
they say it's an act of God.
They bring in the rain.
First, they bring
in the hot weather.
Dry it out.
Then they bring in the flooding.
And then the houses
slide down the hill.
And so they can do all
that with weather control.
That's part of
population control.
And then of course,
we have street drugs.
And we have medicinal drugs.
Now, medicinal drugs
kills far more people
than street drugs do.
Street drugs is a
small part of deaths.
Very, very small part.
And in fact, the largest
cause of death in America
is what we call iatrogenic.
Iatrogenic is a two-bit word,
which means it's doctor-done.
So if you look at the
complications of surgery,
the infections acquired
in the hospital,
and the deaths from
drugs prescribed
by doctors, that's the largest
group of deaths in America.
>> Yes.
Hands down.
>> But we don't
outlaw doctors, do we?
Want to outlaw guns.
But we don't want to outlaw
doctors because doctors kill
a lot more people than guns.
>> They're very effective.
In fact, just as
a personal aside,
I have a friend who
just lost her son who
had been in a car accident.
And he was recovering nicely.
Healthy, young-- mid-20s.
And they gave him some drugs
that interacted, and he's dead.
And she's devastated.
I mean, beyond devastated.
>> The worst place to be when
you're sick is in a hospital
because all of these
terrible things can happen.
You can get huge numbers of
infections in the hospital.
And antibiotics will turn
out to be the greatest
scourge of mankind.
Antibiotics-- because
then people say,
well, I can eat, live, and
handle stress any way I want.
And if I get sick, I'll just
go and get an antibiotic.
I'll get a quick fix.
But the antibiotics
have turned on humanity.
And the organisms, the bugs,
the bacteria and viruses
are becoming
stronger and stronger
because actually, bacteria
and viruses are our friends.
They are our friends.
God has a cleanup
crew at every level.
The vultures eat the
dead animals in the road
to clean up the Earth.
The maggots eat
dead garbage piles.
And the insects and
the flies come in.
You will notice that
the garbage attracts
the flies and the maggots,
not the other way around.
The dead animal in the
road attracts the vulture.
The vulture does not
attract the dead animal.
Bacteria and viruses
are all around us.
They're all on our skin.
They're in our nose.
They're in our mouth.
And they're in our
gastrointestinal tract.
And they have a real
reason for being there.
They help produce vitamin B12.
What we call them
is normal flora.
And they're good bacteria.
But when you take antibiotics,
it upsets everything.
And your intestine
does not work properly.
And you have overgrowth
of bad bacteria or fungi
or something like that.
And so when your cells
are sick and dying,
these bacteria that
are in the environment
move in to clean up
the dead material.
But when they clean up the
dead material in your body
and throw the toxins
into your bloodstream,
you may get a fever
or a runny nose.
And then you are uncomfortable.
So you go to the doctor.
And guess what the doctor does?
Oh, we've got to stop these.
We've got to kill
these bacteria.
So we'll give you antibiotics.
Well, the whole point is,
your body is full of garbage.
And the bacteria and viruses
were cleaning up your body.
And now you've killed them.
It's sort of like killing
the ambulance attendant who
is trying to put you
into the ambulance
to take you to the hospital
after you've been run over
by a car.
Oh, let's see.
This man is injured.
This other man in a
white coat is near him.
He must have done it.
So let's kill him.
And that's what
antibiotics are all about.
If you look at the word anti--
bio means life.
These are anti-life.
And they harm us.
And the reason that people don't
eat, live, and handle stress
properly is they don't
want to because now there's
a quick fix with antibiotics.
But the good news is,
the antibiotics are soon
going to be useless.
And they're doing
more harm than good.
People will have to start
getting back to living,
eating, and handling
stress as I learned
how to do to get
well from my cancer.
>> Right.
Naturally.
>> Naturally, without drugs.
No chemo.
No radiation.
No mutilating surgeries.
>> The Earth produces
everything we need.
The soul and so forth--
all these forces are
there to help us.
>> The plan to get well from
every disease is totally free,
except for food.
And you have to
buy that, anyway.
Or you can grow your own.
So there are all these ways
that people are being killed.
And all these vaccines
are doing terrible things
to these young bodies.
And one thing that is obvious
that most people laugh about--
there have been men who
have been infertile,
that all they have
to do is change
the type of underwear they
wear, and they become fertile.
>> Well, let's talk about that.
>> OK.
>> I think underwear is
a very important subject.
>> Well, if men
wear jockey shorts,
it pulls the testicles
up close to the body.
The reason the
testicles-- the testicles
are formed inside the abdomen.
And then they come-- they
descend as the baby is
being formed in the womb.
They descend, and they
go into the scrotal sack
because they are meant
to be outside the body.
Because if you have an
undescended testicle
in a child--
and that occurs
sometimes-- you have
to go in and operate
and bring it out
because it has a
higher chance of cancer
if you don't bring it back out.
Because the testicles are meant
to be at a cooler temperature
than body temperature.
If they're pulled up
close to the body,
then the sperm
become non-motile,
and they don't form as well.
And so if they hang
free with boxer shorts--
I'm serious when I say
that men who have not
had a proper amount of sperm
or motility of their sperm,
just by changing from jockey
shorts to boxer shorts,
some have been able
to produce children.
And this is not a
malevolent thing
by the jockey short industry.
>> No, no, no.
>> They don't even
know about it.
But that is an easy thing to do.
>> Easy fix.
>> And then if people start
eating right and living right
and drinking their water
and exercising properly,
then these are the
things that can happen.
>> Let's go a little further
with that and talk about
wearing synthetic fabrics--
wearing bras with lots of
wire in them, for example.
>> Well, all of those
things can be a problem.
However, those are
tiny, tiny things
compared to the way people
live, eat, and handle stress.
The way people think--
going to movies and
watching all this violence
causes a stress
reaction in their body.
Even watching violence on
television or terrible stuff--
the adrenal glands pour out
adrenaline and cortisone.
That is the stress reaction.
That's the fight
or flight reaction.
We have in our body--
God has given us this
ability to suddenly
have tremendous energy, like
for a mother to lift a car off
of her child or
to run from a bear
or to run from an attacker.
And that's called the
flight or flight reaction.
And every doctor
knows about this.
It's a stress reaction.
But it's meant for short-term.
But people are so
stressed these days.
They are operating
under chronic stress,
whether it's domestic
stress or job stress.
And this is a very,
very detrimental thing.
Also, it happens
when the government
continues to scare you.
It's an orange alert.
It's a red alert.
It's this.
And it makes people sick.
And I think we
discussed last time,
this is one of the reasons
that there was a major flu
epidemic in 1918.
Not only were people
injected with bad things--
they were frightened
into thinking there
was going to be a flu epidemic.
So they took the vaccine,
which had the flu virus in it.
So the only people
that got the disease
were the ones who
got the vaccinations.
But they were also
terribly stressed
because of World War I. We
were in war against Germany.
The Germans were
being demonized.
Everybody hated the Germans.
And when you hate, it causes
the stress reaction to occur.
When you hold grudges,
whether it's against a friend
or against a nation--
and then they were sending
their boys off to war.
And they were being
killed in war.
And then all the stress of the
families going through that.
So we were a nation waiting for
a bad disease to come along.
And as they frightened
people more and more--
and we have now this
financial crisis coming.
And people are going
to be terrified.
They don't know how
they're going to live.
They don't know what's going
to happen to the economy.
So people become frightened.
And then they become
prone to disease.
And so that's another
way the government
causes people to die.
And then people
become despondent.
And they get on drugs.
And then they kill themselves or
kill their children or whatever
because many of
these antidepressants
cause people to be
suicidal or homicidal.
>> Depressed.
Exactly Exactly.
>> That's right.
And this is all
part of the plan.
All these SSRI antidepressants--
>> Yeah.
You're saying those
side effects that we
hear running by in a very
quick tone at the end
of an advertisement--
>> That if you have
any brain at all,
you wouldn't put this
stuff in your mouth.
>> Yes Do you think that it's
a byproduct of-- or are these
things created knowing that
there are these side effects?
>> Oh, they know that.
They know it.
Absolutely.
In fact, one of the big
pharmaceutical guys--
I can't remember if it
was Eli Lilly or Merck--
said, our goal is to
get everybody on drugs.
Everybody on drugs.
And so drugs are just
used for everything.
Instead of people saying, oh,
well, now I've got a cold.
I need to get some rest.
And I need to drink water.
And I need to eat
very light meals
and let my body cleanse itself--
no, no, no.
I've got to take something.
>> I'll go to Starbucks.
I'll get a triple venti today.
>> And I'll go to the doctor
and get some antibiotics,
which don't work
for viruses, anyway.
And give me some pills.
Just give me some pills.
People don't want to
change the way they live.
>> Let me ask you
this, Lorraine.
With what's coming
up with the economy,
what's already in the
works-- well underway--
I think you feel, as
a lot of people do,
that this is an end
game to the way we
have been living in the past.
And certainly, from
everything I've read and seen,
I would tend to agree.
But I also look at it
as a mixed blessing.
There may be a
blessing in this--
>> Oh, of course.
>> --for us to regain something
that we didn't have while we
were in the mill.
Can you talk about
your perspective on it?
>> Oh, well, these
are all blessings.
They're all blessings.
When antibiotics
become ineffective,
it's a great blessing
because then people
will have to start learning how
to eat, live, and handle stress
properly and take
care of themselves.
When they start
decreasing medical care
and rationing medical care, that
would be the greatest blessing
of all.
The health of America was
the best during World War II
because number one,
sugar was rationed.
Meat, poultry, and
fish were rationed.
Everybody had what
was called a victory
garden in their backyard.
I remember those.
I'm old enough.
And so they were eating
vegetables out of their garden.
And the biggest reason
that people were so well
is, all the doctors
were overseas.
Seriously.
And so people had
to start learning
how to take care of themselves.
So when they start
rationing medical care--
and they're going to ration
medical care because they
don't want people to live.
And doctors in the emergency
room are going to be given
the right-- and this has already
happened in some countries--
the doctors are going to be
given the right-- if you bring
your father in who's
elderly, and maybe he
has an arrhythmia, an
unstable heart rate.
And the ER doctor who
doesn't know your father
at all, doesn't know his
quality of life or anything,
will be able to have the right
to assess your father in five
minutes--
doesn't know
anything about him--
decide on his own whether this
person has a decent quality
of life or not.
And if he decides he doesn't,
then he can just say,
there's nothing we can do,
when inserting a pacemaker
would be easy to do.
And so people are going to be
making these life and death
decisions, doctors
in emergency rooms,
and they will be denying
care right and left.
And HMOs are denying care.
I can tell you some
horror stories about what
these HMOs are doing.
And so the good side of
this is that when there's
a decrease in
medical care, people
will have to start looking for
ways to be well on their own
naturally.
And of course,
that's what I did.
When I developed my
cancer, I realized
I'd seen thousands
of patients die
from chemotherapy and
radiation that we give them.
Horrible-- chemotherapy and
radiation both cause cancer.
I said, I'm not doing that.
So I had to look around for
a way to truly get well.
And everybody is
eventually going
to have to learn how to do that.
We have to go back to the
simpler things of life.
When I was growing up, there was
no television when I was a kid.
And so guess what we did?
People came over.
We played ping pong.
And we played board games.
And we had popcorn.
And we had a wonderful time.
>> Absolutely.
I view it exactly
the same way you do.
>> And people will
go back to that.
And my parents got married at
the height of the Depression.
They were really poor.
My dad had a job.
But he lost his job
during the Depression.
And they had to live in
Southern Illinois in a tent
and bury their
food in the ground.
That's poor.
So I was raised with that
Depression mentality.
I know what they went through.
And when I was growing up,
we didn't have money, either.
But we made our own fun.
People don't make their own fun.
Kids now, they don't
come home and play.
Even my sons, when they
came home from school,
they played after school.
Nobody plays anymore.
They don't develop any
creativity or decision
making abilities.
They learn to be part of a team
where they're told what to do.
They're taught to be
aggressive and win.
And they're actually-- all
of these competitive sports
are training them to be
military aggressors to kill.
And that's why they want
women to be active in sports,
so they will also
become killers.
And all of these schools,
they think it's so wonderful.
And the parents think
it's so wonderful
to have their children in
all these competitive sports.
It's destroying them.
And children do not
play anymore, which
is very bad for their health.
>> Well, they never
have that rest cycle.
Their being starts
on the adrenal crisis
end from a very early age.
>> Very early age.
And it's putting all sort
of stress on children
because the whole
idea is to win.
And that's why,
if they don't win,
if they don't get into
the right college,
it's putting tremendous
pressure on them.
And that's one reason
that even children are
on all these antidepressants.
They're on drugs.
They're eating because
they're nervous.
They're becoming diabetic.
They're becoming obese.
All of these things
are happening.
And again, my solution is the
only answer is to learn to--
first of all, you've got
to eat right and learn
how to handle stress.
The only real way
to handle stress
is to learn how to
give it to the Lord
because there's too
many stresses out there
for us to-- we can't just
withdraw from the world.
We have to learn how
to rest in the Lord
and give it to the Lord.
And as things get worse,
as the economy just
is destroyed, as they
devalue our money,
people are going
to be destitute.
And their hearts are truly going
to be failing them for fear.
And everybody's going to
be on some kind of drug.
Drugs never cure disease.
Drugs only treat symptoms.
These cover up the
symptoms while the problem
continues to get worse.
But there is a way to be well.
>> And we're talking--
like you say,
all of it's free
except the food.
And the way you
recommend, which is also
the quality of your thought
and intention, it's sunshine.
It's fresh air.
It's everything that we
no longer is utilize.
>> That's right.
So the good news is,
you see, we never
change if things are going well.
But when we got big
trouble, we change.
And some people will
actually turn to the Lord.
There will be no way out.
People will say, how
do we fight this?
There's no way to
fight this on our own.
It's too big.
What's coming down and the
manipulation of the currency,
this has all been planned,
way back from the junk
bonds with Michael Milken.
That was all done,
with the junk bonds,
to generate funds
to give mortgages
to people who couldn't
really afford them,
to get everybody in
debt up to their ears,
and then pull the rug
out from under them,
as they've done with this
planned financial crisis.
This is the same
sort of thing that
happened in 1929, except
it's going to be worse now.
And people are much
more violent now.
And they used to
be in bread lines.
And they used to be orderly.
And now they're going
to be killing people
in a bread line waiting to get
food because people have become
so violent and aggressive,
partly because they've learned
that on television, partly
because they're drinking
huge amounts of caffeine, which
makes you very aggressive.
>> Partly because they've been
playing a lot of video games
that have desensitized
the brain.
Sports, aggressive sports--
>> Video games are terrible.
And the stuff that they're
putting in those video games--
I talked to a little boy
the other day who's actually
a distant family member.
Nine years old, and he
was playing a video game.
He's a Christian.
A little boy playing
a video game.
And I was watching him
play and I said, well,
what are you doing there?
He says, I'm
killing the bad guy.
And I said, oh, really?
What did he do?
I don't know.
And I said, well, how
do you know he's bad?
Well, the game says he's bad.
Now, look at the
programming of that.
Here is a child that's being
told that this person is bad.
And the child is willing to
kill this person because someone
else told him it's bad.
He doesn't even
know what he did.
That's what's happening
to the whole population.
I was appalled.
And this child was a Christian.
>> Theoretically, do not kill.
Thou shalt not kill.
>> But it's OK.
And the parents--
Christians-- giving
this child this game.
I thought, what
is going on here?
>> Right.
Let's go back to some of
what you were talking about
a moment ago in the economy.
I wanted to get to this
because I had heard this.
And I'm going to state
it as rumor, simply
because it hasn't
been sourced yet,
that the US has on one level
gone ahead with this plan
to create the US,
Canada, and Mexico--
the currency known as amero.
And what I had heard
was that the US
had paid the Chinese
government $800 billion ameros.
>> Right.
>> Well, the ameros haven't
been introduced yet.
And you said you had
heard the same thing.
>> I have heard the same thing.
Certainly, we know that the
US, Canada, and Mexico will
be combined by the year 2010.
We know that.
You can go on the web
at CFR.org, Council
on Foreign Relations, which is
the elitist group in America.
It's the Illuminati
in America, a group
of 3,000 people that are--
>> Power players.
>> --presidents of universities
and head of the industrialists
and all those.
And so they get together.
And on that website,
CFR.org, you
can see they have published
a book putting together
a North American community.
They're proud of it.
They're not secretive
about it anymore.
And I run into
people all the time
that say, oh, they'd
never do that.
Of course they're
going to do it.
It was signed into
being in 1990.
They've been working on it
for much longer than that.
It's just going to be
like a European Union.
They're going to tell you
it's being put together
for security and trade reasons.
But it's not.
It's going to be a total union.
We've lost our constitution
already and our Bill of Rights.
And we're going to get all the
bad stuff from Mexico and all
the bad stuff from Canada,
including human rights
tribunals, where you
can be brought up
in front of a court
where you are not
allowed to know your accuser.
You are not allowed to know
what the accusations are.
You are not allowed to
cross-examine your accuser,
and where truth is no defense.
Those are happening
now in Canada.
Truth is no defense, even though
you have to swear on the Bible
to tell the truth.
If you say something
that they don't like,
and there are
certain groups that
don't like things
that are being said,
they say it doesn't
matter whether it's truth.
It only matters if
we don't like it.
And there have been people--
I have friends who
are in prison now
because they have mentioned
certain taboos that
are not allowed to be said.
We're going to get
that here in America.
That's already
the law in Canada.
And we're going to get
all the drugs from Mexico.
And we're going to get all
of the problems from Mexico.
And our country's gone.
So they're developing
the North American Union.
They already have
the European Union.
The Asian Union is being
put together as we speak.
I have Chinese friends
who have said, yeah,
it's being put
together the same way.
It will probably go into
effect in the year 2010.
And on my website, I have
a map of the 10 kingdoms
up there, which was
put together in 1974.
And they called them kingdoms.
And this is the way
they're being put together.
So this is happening for
a one world government.
There will be a one
world government.
There will be a
one world religion.
They have to implode
the United States.
>> One world army?
One world military?
>> That's already almost
NATO and One World Health
Organization, World Health--
it's all going to be run through
the United Nations, which is
all run by these same elitists.
And we're going to have a
constitution of the United
Nations, which eliminates
all of our rights.
And we're going
to have a UN tax.
It's all going to
be run by the UN.
But the people who run
the UN are an evil cabal.
They are a very evil cabal.
And they hate us.
As I said earlier, they
call us useless eaters
and the disgusting public.
And so people like to think that
their government likes them.
I just want to say, your
government hates you.
Your government hates you.
People like Prince Philip in
England and Prince Charles--
Prince Philip-- I
think he's the one who
said he wants to
come back as a virus.
If he's reincarnated,
he wants to come back
as a virus to kill as
many people as possible
on the Earth.
These people are all part
of this environmentalism.
They're all part
of this green plan
that I talked about in
Report from Iron Mountain.
And it's to depopulate
the Earth because they
want the whole Earth for them.
And you're going to
see whole cities being
actually confiscated.
They're going to
try to get people--
first of all, the
high gas prices
will cause people to
move back into the cities
because they can't afford
to commute as much.
That's one of the reasons
they're doing that.
They want to do that.
They want to get people
back into the city, where
they can get them almost
in rabbit warrens.
I was in Siberia before
the wall came down.
And on the way to Siberia--
I was with another
group of doctors
who were going over
there to operate
with some of these
Russian doctors
and show them our techniques.
And so when we got
to Moscow, there
was a KGB agent on every
floor in the hotel.
And when we went up the
elevator to go to our room,
we had to stop and check in
with the KGB agent on our floor.
Nobody could come to our room
without the KGB officer knowing
about it.
You see, it's much harder
to keep track of people
when they're all out here
in developments and out
in the country and all that.
They want to force
people into the cities
to live in little cubicles so
they can keep track of them.
>> Much more controllable.
>> That's right.
That's right.
>> And you've been following all
of this for a very long time.
>> A long time.
20 years.
>> 20 years, all of these.
And you've compiled a lot of it
in a book called The Coming New
World Order, How it Will
Dramatically Change Your Life.
And this is available on your
website now, too isn't it?
>> It's on my website.
I have two websites.
I have a website
on health, showing
how I got well
from severe cancer
without drugs, without
chemo, radiation, or surgery.
>> And what's that URL, again?
>> That's www.drday.com.
>> drday.com
>> drday.com.
All small letters.
drday.com.
The other one is called
goodnewsaboutgod.com
All small letters, all one word.
goodnewsaboutgod.com.
It has a lot of
religious information.
But it has a lot of
political information.
There's a lot of health
information there.
Enormous amount of
political information--
I probably have 800
articles up on that website.
And I have a lot of
articles about health.
I've got information
on Gardasil.
on population control.
Good information on bird flu,
which we haven't discussed yet,
which we may want to.
>> I would like to.
That was the first thing
I wanted to discuss.
And here, it's toward
the end of the interview.
But let's talk about that
right now because they're
trotting it out.
I just pulled up
a government site
on the pandemic of the avian
flu, which that's obviously
going to be trotted out.
>> Right.
And I have an article on my
website, goodnewsaboutgod.com,
which is entitled "How One
Wicked Nation Can Kill Billions
Around the World with One Lie."
And the point is,
they want people
to be afraid of a
disease so they can
be forced to get vaccinations.
And in the vaccinations will
be put terrible bacteria
and viruses that
will not help you
at all in the disease
that's supposedly coming
but will give you other horrible
diseases that will kill you.
And that's the way
they're going to start
decreasing the population.
So we remember a
few years ago, there
was the disease,
supposedly SARS, that was
going to do terrible things.
Well, SARS didn't materialize.
And so they had to
have a SARS with wings.
And that's when they
came up with bird flu.
And so they've been trying to
get bird flu going and getting
people afraid of it.
But they haven't
been very successful.
So they have more and more
of these websites coming up
saying how terrible
this is going to be.
And they're going to use
reverse psychology on people.
They're going to say, just like
they do with the flu vaccine,
they're going to say, oh, we
only have limited quantities.
You're going to have to line
up soon to get your vaccine.
Well, they've got
unlimited quantities.
But the thing is, they
want you to want it.
And then you are actually-- even
though many times, it's free.
But people pay to be killed.
People pay to be killed with
chemotherapy and radiation.
They pay for the
doctors to kill them.
They are going to pay for
vaccines that will kill them
and vaccines for their children.
These vaccines don't
accomplish anything.
I would suggest, anybody who
wants to read about vaccines,
go to a website
called Thinktwice.
One word, thinktwice dot--
I think it's org.
Either org or dot com.
There are some wonderful books
there on vaccines by Neil
Miller, N-E-I-L Miller.
One of them is called "Vaccines:
Are They Safe and Effective?"
And it will show you that
no vaccine has ever worked.
They're not effective.
They don't work.
They're all dangerous.
And so what they
want to do is, they
want to scare you into
thinking that this bird
flu is coming around.
And they're even trying
to make it more toxic by--
and see, it's been
in birds, supposedly.
And they say it can be
transmitted to human beings.
Well, of course, now
they get everybody afraid
because birds are
all over the place.
And oh, my, the birds--
we've got to be ready
for the birds now.
They've made people
afraid of the sun.
Sunlight doesn't
cause skin cancer.
It never has.
It doesn't now.
But doctors have all
been trained to say that.
I talk about all the evidence in
the medical literature showing
sunlight does not
cause skin cancer.
It's the way people are
eating, living, and handling
stress that's doing it.
And so when birds are
all over the place,
people are going
to be terrified.
And they won't want birds
around because they think
they're going to get bird flu.
Well, what they've
done is they have
genetically engineer--
they can genetically
engineer this virus.
And then they can
grow it in human cells
in the laboratory to make
humans more susceptible to it.
And they keep talking about
all of these people who
are getting bird flu in Malaysia
or someplace like this--
Indonesia.
And yet, first of all, you never
get any documentation for that.
There are almost
always suspected cases.
You never get them confirmed.
Secondly, they're always in some
little burg out in the village.
Well, I can tell you, the
World Health Organization
isn't out there.
And how do they
know they've got it?
But they're wanting
to scare everybody.
They're also wanting to turn
one race against another.
Oh, we don't want any
Indonesians around.
And besides, Indonesians,
see, are Muslims.
We don't want any
of them around.
Muslims are Indonesians,
and they carry the bird flu.
So there.
You know they're bad.
>> Yeah.
Creating this
divisiveness and fear.
So the recommendation
is, don't buy it.
Do not get the vaccine.
>> Do not get any
vaccines for anything.
They do not work.
And it's the Illuminati's way
of depopulating the Earth.
Just one of the
ways, but a big one.
A very big one, where actually,
people go willingly as a lamb
to the slaughter
and line up to get
injected with lethal
bacteria and viruses
that will make them
die a horrible death.
As I've said before, there
was virtually no autism
before they started vaccines.
It's the mercury in there
that causes brain damage.
Learning disabilities are
caused by the vaccines.
But doctors are being taught
that if the person doesn't
die in the office,
well, then it's
not related to the vaccine.
Well, a wonderful doctor named
Dr. Schreiber has shown clearly
by hooking babies
up to electrodes
how their heart rate
and their breathing rate
and their blood pressure and
all was absolutely normal
until they get vaccinated.
And then it's all over the map.
And these babies that
were being tested
were put on monitors
so they could
tell when they stopped breathing
because they frequently did.
But that was only after
they were vaccinated.
So the babies were used
as their own control--
how they were before
the vaccination
and how they were afterwards.
And this is very, very
obvious proof of the damage
that vaccines do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Lorraine has much more to
say about recovering our health
naturally.
To find out more, watch our
previous interviews with her.
Until next time, thanks
for watching CMN.